docs(pie-storybook): DSW-2999 component events page (#2360)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-storybook/stories/introduction/events.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Introduction/Events" />

# Events
When using PIE web components, you may want to listen for events that are dispatched by the component. This can be useful for handling user interactions or responding to changes in the component's state.
We use events because they are a browser-native way to communicate between components and applications. They allow for a decoupled architecture, where components can emit events without needing to know who is listening to them. This makes it easier to build modular and reusable components that can be used in different contexts.

## Table of Contents

- [Naming convention](#naming-convention)
- [Listening to events](#listening-to-events)
    - [Vanilla JS](#vanilla-js)
    - [Vue](#vue)
    - [React](#react)

## Naming convention
The events dispatched by PIE web components are named using `pie-<component-name>-<event-name>`. For example, `pie-modal-leading-action-click` is dispatched when the leading action button in a modal is clicked.
We follow this naming convention to ensure that events are unique and easily identifiable.

> > Sometimes events can simply emit native events, such as `input` or `change`. In these case, there is no need to create a custom event. The native event will bubble up from the component and can be listened to in the same way as any other event.

Reviewer: do you think we should say 

```suggestion
> Sometimes components can simply emit native events, such as `input` or `change`. In these cases, there is no need to create a custom event. The native event will bubble up from the component and can be listened to like any other event.
```
